hi tribes how are you if robert follow
with the three biggest battlefield
for Latin America and Spain we decided
do some epic rounds for you
which will be divided into several parts
the rounds consisted of two of
capture the flag using only the bow
missing defibrillators and flares and the
last round consists of a surprise
something more entertaining and novel then
go up to the other rounds for now the
I leave with the audio of the game we see
The next
and the message of more heads battle
those who are going to catch the rope sometimes
in which the equipazo passed the empire
of hell of reference there is a
way of learning they call it the tip of
the flight arrow does not exist the size I
I think if I'm beating in the crotch
comes out aft
the sensual team against the team more or
less or at least in its high
the sensual team how much the team
sensual
that reason does not explode and everything
good days
a front of the side of their lands
to the flag
that is firing 14 arrows and not
we give ourselves none
check my face no no no no no
not me
the man
no no no
with you
son
has a contract with everything that is not
true is not true
behind the elevator
at breakfast
good for the heck someone was
running
it's not good
from left
goodbye
something
go
Ham Ham
open
the hype not revive you for the 100% that
I had been dying worth voucher to the parrot
if it goes wrong on the right
guys well of brugal I imagine
same
I leave
remember they are not recommending
for
was the ball of tula after this the
ctera stella 3
the circle
I do not see you I see you
how
telepizza in the left buttock
Thank you
let's go pizza
because we are losing 2 0
this is already a thing of the net
they let themselves win at serrat luís agite
killed
apart
where are you going where are you going
today no sir
ah
we go
let's step on nobody